Detect review requests on inactive reviewers (#1531)
mozilla/relman-auto-nag: templates/inactive_reviewer_needinfo.txt

The following {{ plural('patch is', revisions, 'patches are') }} waiting for review from an inactive reviewer:

| ID  | Title |  Author | Inactive Reviewer |
| --- | :---- |  ------ | ----------------- |
{% for rev in revisions -%}
{% for reviewer in rev['reviewers'] -%}
{% if rev['reviewers'][0] == reviewer -%}

> | [D{{ rev['rev_id'] }}](https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D{{ rev['rev_id'] }}) |  {{ rev['title'] | e }} | [{{ rev['author']['nick'] }}](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/user_profile?user_id={{ rev['author']['id'] }})  |

Reviewer: At least for the "unavailable" case, we should give more information and tell the author when the reviewer will be available again (so they know how long it would take if they decided to wait for the reviewer).

Author: Done in f6f5a5943c3586ccd5d52c75848d31e8dd041d10

{%- else -%}
| | | |
{%- endif -%}

[{{ reviewer['phab_username'] }}](https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/p/{{ reviewer['phab_username'] }}/) |
{% endfor -%}
{% endfor %}

> :{{ nicknames }}, could you please find an active reviewer?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:{{ nicknames }}, could you please find another reviewer or abandon the patch if it is no longer relevant?
```

Could we add "or abandon the patch if it is no longer relevant" in case the patch is old?

Author: Done in 201c2f3eb24e6c0b27fc3d7565ab5bb9afb6b8bb

> :{{ nicknames }}, could you please find another reviewer or {% if has_old_patch -%} abandon the patch if it is no longer relevant {%- endif%}?

Reviewer: The "or" should be after the if, right?

Author: Yes, nice catch. Fixed in 2eb08c57081f8aa327c4d5e6a31e27ef26be7e21.
